documentation/WPF0001.md, before:

﻿# WPF0001
## Backing field for a DependencyProperty should match registered name.

<!-- start generated table -->
<table>
<tr>
  <td>CheckId</td>
  <td>WPF0001</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Severity</td>
  <td>Warning</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Enabled</td>
  <td>true</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Category</td>
  <td>WpfAnalyzers.DependencyProperty</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>TypeName</td>
  <td><a href="https://github.com/DotNetAnalyzers/WpfAnalyzers/blob/master/WpfAnalyzers.Analyzers/DependencyPropertyBackingFieldOrPropertyAnalyzer.cs">DependencyPropertyBackingFieldOrPropertyAnalyzer</a></td>
</tr>
</table>
<!-- end generated table -->

## Description

A dependency property's backing field must be named with the name it is registered with suffixed by 'Property'

## Motivation

This is the most common convention and is used in the framework. Conventions are needed for maintainability and correctness.

In the following example, the backing DependencyProperty field for the Title dependency property is named HighlightBrush. It should instead be named TitleProperty.

```C#
using System.Windows;

public class MyControl : FrameworkElement
{
    public static readonly DependencyProperty HighlightBrush = DependencyProperty.Register(
        nameof(Title),
        typeof(string),
        typeof(MyControl),
        new PropertyMetadata(default(string)));

    public string Title
    {
        get { return (string)this.GetValue(HighlightBrush); }
        set { this.SetValue(HighlightBrush, value); }
    }
}
```

While this is legal it would be a very confusing API for users.

## How to fix violations

Name the backing field like this:

```C#
using System.Windows;
public class MyControl : FrameworkElement
{
    public static readonly DependencyProperty TitleProperty = DependencyProperty.Register(
        nameof(Title),
        typeof(string),
        typeof(MyControl),
        new PropertyMetadata(default(string)));

    public string Title
    {
        get { return (string)this.GetValue(TitleProperty); }
        set { this.SetValue(TitleProperty, value); }
    }
}
```

<!-- start generated config severity -->
## Configure severity

### Via ruleset file.

Configure the severity per project, for more info see [MSDN](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd264949.aspx).

### Via #pragma directive.
```C#
#pragma warning disable WPF0001 // Backing field for a DependencyProperty should match registered name.
Code violating the rule here
#pragma warning restore WPF0001 // Backing field for a DependencyProperty should match registered name.
```

Or put this at the top of the file to disable all instances.
```C#
#pragma warning disable WPF0001 // Backing field for a DependencyProperty should match registered name.
```

### Via attribute `[SuppressMessage]`.

```C#
[System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.SuppressMessage("WpfAnalyzers.DependencyProperty", 
    "WPF0001:Backing field for a DependencyProperty should match registered name.", 
    Justification = "Reason...")]
```
<!-- end generated config severity -->

Commit message:

WPF0007 change required name to Validate<PropertyName>
Seems to be the most common in the framework.

(cherry picked from commit a0a522c399059fac19285ce03208f60f8b38dbc5)

documentation/WPF0001.md, after:

﻿# WPF0001
## Backing field for a DependencyProperty should match registered name.

<!-- start generated table -->
<table>
<tr>
  <td>CheckId</td>
  <td>WPF0001</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Severity</td>
  <td>Warning</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Enabled</td>
  <td>true</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>Category</td>
  <td>WpfAnalyzers.DependencyProperty</td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>TypeName</td>
  <td><a href="https://github.com/DotNetAnalyzers/WpfAnalyzers/blob/master/WpfAnalyzers.Analyzers/DependencyPropertyBackingFieldOrPropertyAnalyzer.cs">DependencyPropertyBackingFieldOrPropertyAnalyzer</a></td>
</tr>
</table>
<!-- end generated table -->

## Description

A dependency property's backing field should be named with the name it is registered with suffixed by 'Property'.
This is the convention in the framework.

## Motivation

This is the most common convention and is used in the framework. Conventions are needed for maintainability and correctness.

In the following example, the backing DependencyProperty field for the Title dependency property is named HighlightBrush. It should instead be named TitleProperty.

```C#
using System.Windows;

public class MyControl : FrameworkElement
{
    public static readonly DependencyProperty HighlightBrush = DependencyProperty.Register(
        nameof(Title),
        typeof(string),
        typeof(MyControl),
        new PropertyMetadata(default(string)));

    public string Title
    {
        get { return (string)this.GetValue(HighlightBrush); }
        set { this.SetValue(HighlightBrush, value); }
    }
}
```

While this is legal it would be a very confusing API for users.

## How to fix violations

Name the backing field like this:

```C#
using System.Windows;
public class MyControl : FrameworkElement
{
    public static readonly DependencyProperty TitleProperty = DependencyProperty.Register(
        nameof(Title),
        typeof(string),
        typeof(MyControl),
        new PropertyMetadata(default(string)));

    public string Title
    {
        get { return (string)this.GetValue(TitleProperty); }
        set { this.SetValue(TitleProperty, value); }
    }
}
```

<!-- start generated config severity -->
## Configure severity

### Via ruleset file.

Configure the severity per project, for more info see [MSDN](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd264949.aspx).

### Via #pragma directive.
```C#
#pragma warning disable WPF0001 // Backing field for a DependencyProperty should match registered name.
Code violating the rule here
#pragma warning restore WPF0001 // Backing field for a DependencyProperty should match registered name.
```

Or put this at the top of the file to disable all instances.
```C#
#pragma warning disable WPF0001 // Backing field for a DependencyProperty should match registered name.
```

### Via attribute `[SuppressMessage]`.

```C#
[System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.SuppressMessage("WpfAnalyzers.DependencyProperty", 
    "WPF0001:Backing field for a DependencyProperty should match registered name.", 
    Justification = "Reason...")]
```
<!-- end generated config severity -->
